---
title: What fun you can have with two moms
publishDate: 2017-02-07T21:25:00-07:00
modifyDate: 2017-02-07T21:25:00-07:00
author: Emma
layout: post.html
pic: mothers.jpg
gallery: mothers
draft: false
---

February 3rd started off the beginning of dress shopping for the Mothers of the
Bride and Groom. We began in Lacombe at Elite Bridal Boutique with some very
helpful staff and a few wonderful dresses. Well, except one surprising dress for
Julie.

Julie snuck into my mom's dressing room with a delightful blue dress on. Then my
mom and I looked down... Now you have to understand that the sales assistant had
picked this dress for my future mother-in-law. The top part of the dress flowed
nicely on Julie. The lower half was the size of a large belt! Literally the
tight fitting skirt was about 5 inches long!!! My mom, Julie and I were laughing
so hard in the dressing room. I wonder what the staff thought of our hysterical
laughter. Julie and my mom did find a few really nice dresses at this store. But
we were still going to continue onto two more stores in Red Deer first.

Next was lunch at the Morrison House in Lacombe for some homemade clam chowder
and amazing slices of pie. One slice of strawberry rhubarb warmed with ice cream
and two slices of salted honey. So yummy.

We decided to go to Novia Mia in the heart of Red Deer. We were under the
impression that we could only look at the dresses because we didn't have an
appointment. But we were in luck as we arrived just as a bride was leaving. So
the moms were able to try on the dresses in one giant dressing room. The helpful
sale assistant was a wonderful experience and delight. Plus the moms found
several dresses that they liked. We discovered that with this store the dresses
were available in various colours giving them many options, plus the dresses are
made for order. They both liked the dresses from this store... so much so that
they are going back for another appointment on February 8. I really wish I could
be there to watch again instead of working.

Our final stop was a store close by, The Wedding Place. Well, I don't think I
would recommend this store to many people. The Mother of the Bride and Groom
area was quite small and I found most of the dresses were a frumpy style. As we
left through the bridesmaid dresses we realized several of these dresses were
closer to what we were looking for. Also the sales assistants didn't really do
anything. A bunch of them just stood around in the dressing room area, but
didn't really interact with us. Just not the greatest experience.

Overall the day was wonderful and really quite fun. And as my mom said, "I
haven't tried on so many dresses before." That sums up the day.

February 5th was finally the Red Deer Bridal Gala day and I was more than
excited! All three of us arrived at the Bridal Gala just after 10:30am and we
left after 3:30pm. That tells you that we had a really good day. There were lots
of vendors to look at and get information from. We even watched the fashion show
twice. I was a little disappointed that there weren't any hair salons or makeup
artists at the show... which is mostly what I am searching for. But overall it
was a great day of discovering and discussing for the wedding. All three of us
left with bags full of magazines, information cards and random goodies.

I just love hanging out with my two moms.
